[CAM-11120] - Review CAM Jenkins plugin Continuous Integration featur… (#2744)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Integrating with Jenkins/setting-up-ci-cd.md

"attachments": [],
"contentIsHTML": false
}}}

**In this article:**

* [Overview](#overview)
* [Audience](#audience)
* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Manage GitHub Pull Requests](#manage-github-pull-requests)
* [Deploy Box configurations from Cloud Application Manager](#deploy-box-configurations-from-cloud-application-manager)
* [Manage Instance Lifecycle through Cloud Application Manager](#manage-instance-lifecycle-through-cloud-application-manager)
* [Update Box File Variables](#update-box-file-variables)
* [See CI/CD in Action](#see-cicd-in-action)
* [Contacting Cloud Application Manager Support](#contacting-cloud-application-manager-support)

### Overview

The [Cloud Application Manager Jenkins plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/ElasticBox+CI) automates CI/CD on any cloud and SCM.  
In this article, we use Git as the SCM.  
For CI, the plugin launches code updates on to build environments in any cloud through Cloud Application Manager.  
For CD, it runs automation and lifecycle operations for workloads defined in Cloud Application Manager boxes in the Jenkins job build steps.

### Audience

> If you use Jenkins to continuously test and integrate code changes in development, staging, or production, you’d want to use the [Jenkins Cloud Application Manager plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/ElasticBox+CI) to fully automate touchless deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Cloud Application Manager and you also use Jenkins to continuously test and integrate code changes in development, staging, or production, you’d want to use the [Jenkins Cloud Application Manager plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/ElasticBox+CI) to fully automate touchless deployments.
```

### Prerequisites

> * A [Jenkins server with the GitHub and Cloud Application Manager plugins](jenkins-cloud-application-manager-setup.md).

Reviewer: Add a CAM account bullet point

To add Cloud Application Manager build steps in Jenkins jobs, go to the job page. Under Build, click **Add build step** and select an Cloud Application Manager deploy, manage, or update step.

### Manage GitHub Pull Requests
The plugin simplifies the GitHub pull request lifecycle for workloads run through Cloud Application Manager. While you need the GitHub plugin to provide the repository, project URL, and access credentials, you don’t need the GitHub pull request builder plugin, which is a lot of work to setup.

![job-build-triggers.png](../../images/cloud-application-manager/integrate-jenkins/ci-cd/cicd-01-job-build-triggers.png)

When you check the **Manage GitHub pull request lifecycle with Cloud Application Manager** option in the Jenkins job, the plugin performs the following things:
* Automatically detects commits to the GitHub repository specified in the Jenkins job.
* Triggers the Jenkins job when you create or update a pull request.  

> The plugin detects a commit when one of these things occur:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin detects a change when any of these things occur:  
```
